you're watching charlotte's number one
ten o'clock news Fox News at Ten the
eyes of the video game world are on
Charlotte this week and if you're not a
video game fanatic don't tune out this
story just yet a million dollars are up
for grabs in this year's major league
gaming pro circuit some of the players
here this weekend make 250 thousand
dollars a year now today I got a little
more insight on the players and the fans
that drive the competition the embassy
suites in Concord is a video gaming
Mecca this week those playing halo 2 and
Rainbow six say their event is like many
sportop communication and teamwork are
key nineteen-year-old Kyle Elam from
Northern Kentucky is in his second year
of professional gaming his mother Janice
wasn't sold at first last year Kyle was
in all AP classes and I was really
yelling at him get off get off that game
you know you gotta make your grades and
get your college scholarship and all
that and then what he started earning
money I was like do you need to practice
more Kyle got his academic scholarship
and he turned pro bringing in extra
tuition money by traveling around the
country to compete around 6,000 so far
but it's gonna be a lot more than this
weekend he and teammates are up against
players from across the country for a
piece of 80 thousand dollars over the
weekend more than 5,000 people will stop
through this post
here in Charlotte the meantime tens of
thousands of people are watching the
action live via the internet at MLG pro
cops the same time there are live
commentators doing play-by-play of the
action some of the pros are homegrown
talent like 15 year-old James fossick
from Raleigh on top of these
competitions he makes thirty dollars an
hour giving lessons and faucet credits
other activities that help him in gaming
reflexes and stuff I've like goalie in
the cross and I mean stuff like that
helps a lot with your reflexes as a
parent of a pro Janice Elam emphasizes
other activities for her boys but she
says plenty good has come from gaming
and the other thing that keeps the
matter of cruising in a car and keeps
them away from girls too I'm like now
the finals for the MLG Pro Circuit stop
here in Charlotte are tomorrow at the
Embassy Suites that's in Concord about
80 thousand dollars will be one you also
don't want to miss Fox News at Ten
tomorrow I'll introduce you to a
competitor at this weekend's event who
doesn't let his disability stop him
because of his disability Randy
Fitzgerald has to play with no hands